README.adoc, before:

= JBake plugin for Gradle image:https://secure.travis-ci.org/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin.png?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin"]

This plugin allows rendering a site using http://www.jbake.org[JBake] directly from http://www.gradle.org[Gradle].

== Usage

*This is work in progress*

[source,groovy]
----
buildscript {
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }

  dependencies {
    classpath 'me.champeau.gradle:jbake-gradle-plugin:0.1-SNAPSHOT'

    // optional, if you use asciidoctor markup
    classpath 'org.asciidoctor:asciidoctor-java-integration:0.1.4'

    // optional, if you use freemarker template engine
    classpath 'org.freemarker:freemarker:2.3.19'
  }
}

apply plugin: 'jbake'
----

This will add a `bake` task to your build, which will search for a standard http://www.jbake.org[JBake] source tree in
`src/jbake` and generate content into `$buildDir/jbake` (typically `build/jbake`).

== Configuration
=== Plugin configuration

The default input and output directories can be changed using the `jbake` configuration block:

[source,groovy]
----
jbake {
    input = file('jbake-sources')
    output = file("$buildDir/output")
}
----

=== JBake configuration
There are several options to configure http://www.jbake.org[JBake]. One is to have the regular `jbake.properties` file
into the source directory. The other is to use the plugin configuration block:

[source,groovy]
----
jbake {
   configuration['template.post.file'] = 'mypost.ftl'
}
----

Commit message:

Added a `serve` task
Serve will start a jetty server on port 8820 to
serve the static content for testing purposes.

README.adoc, after:

= JBake plugin for Gradle image:https://secure.travis-ci.org/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin.png?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/jbake-org/jbake-gradle-plugin"]

This plugin allows rendering a site using http://www.jbake.org[JBake] directly from http://www.gradle.org[Gradle].

== Usage

*This is work in progress*

[source,groovy]
----
buildscript {
  repositories {
      jcenter()
  }

  dependencies {
    classpath 'me.champeau.gradle:jbake-gradle-plugin:0.1-SNAPSHOT'

    // optional, if you use asciidoctor markup
    classpath 'org.asciidoctor:asciidoctor-java-integration:0.1.4'

    // optional, if you use freemarker template engine
    classpath 'org.freemarker:freemarker:2.3.19'
  }
}

apply plugin: 'jbake'
----

This will add a `bake` task to your build, which will search for a standard http://www.jbake.org[JBake] source tree in
`src/jbake` and generate content into `$buildDir/jbake` (typically `build/jbake`).

It also adds a `serve` task which will start a jetty server on port 8820 to serve the static site.

== Configuration
=== Plugin configuration

The default input and output directories can be changed using the `jbake` configuration block:

[source,groovy]
----
jbake {
    input = file('jbake-sources')
    output = file("$buildDir/output")
}
----

=== JBake configuration
There are several options to configure http://www.jbake.org[JBake]. One is to have the regular `jbake.properties` file
into the source directory. The other is to use the plugin configuration block:

[source,groovy]
----
jbake {
   configuration['template.post.file'] = 'mypost.ftl'
}
----
